[#95] Send config file via web api (#122)
serokell/coffer: README.md

Documentation for Web API endpoints and their return types could be generated via `servant-openapi3`. (TODO: write something about docs generation after [#114](https://github.com/serokell/coffer/issues/114) is resolved).

#### Configuration

> Web API configures via HTTP `coffer-backend` header. It's JSON encoded and should contain:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Web API is configured via the `coffer-backend` HTTP header. It's JSON encoded and should contain:
```

Author: done
